TEXT

Complete expert security

The proven alternative to security as you know it
Our people are different. We are raising the bar for the security industry through our unique approach to hiring, training and supporting our security professionals.



Security services
Confidence demands excellence
While other companies in the industry treat security like a commodity, we treat it like a craft. This attitude has helped us develop an unrivaled level of expertise and consistency of service. We take pride in listening to our clients and exceeding their expectations as we protect their people, assets, and operations.

How we are different 

The most committed security guards in the industry
We are superior to our competitors because we hire for ambition and train for excellence. It is part of our relentless commitment to customer service.


The best security guards for the right roles

We take time to understand exactly what you need
Every time we send a security guard to a post, we make sure that their personality type and skill set are a good fit for the role. This ensures better performance and higher employee satisfaction, which both lead to higher client satisfaction.

Far beyond basic security training
It’s more than a skill set. It’s a mindset.
Our core security guard training includes observation skills, safety training, and state licensing requirements. What makes our security guards unique is the level of professionalism we instill and the level of service we train them to deliver. Courtesy and communication are essential.

Managers who care about the details
Security Services - Managers on the ground
We believe in hands-on, proactive leadership
Our guard-to-manager ratio of 7:1 ensures accountability and employee engagement. Each of our managers carry an average 20 years of experience, understand the details of every role, and conduct frequent quality audits on every security guard.

World-class security resources, personal service
We succeed because we listen 
We are the only security company of this size that offers truly personal customer service. We practice transparent communication at every level, from security guards on the ground to executive leadership. Our client relationships are successful because we listen carefully, execute precisely, and follow up swiftly.



FAQ

Frequently asked questions

What is it like to partner with us?

How long does it take to put a security team in place?

The timeline for assembling your team will depend on the scale of your operation and the size of the site or facility, but we will keep you updated as precisely as possible throughout the process.

What if I need the team members to have specific certifications?

Any security professionals and emergency response personnel that we put on your site will have all of the health, safety, and training certifications necessary to meet or exceed applicable federal, state, and local requirements.


What if my security needs change?

Our teams and structures are designed to be nimble and responsive. Our solutions will scale and adapt to your needs throughout your engagement.


Hybrid security
A force multiplier combining man and technology
Introducing a powerful security solution designed for the demands of modern, large-scale operations. GardaWorld Security Hybrid security solutions bring together the best of highly-trained manned guarding and the latest AI- powered technology — delivering uncompromising protection and unprecedented value across facilities and spaces. 

Our expertise

Advanced solutions that deliver exactly what you need
GardaWorld Security is at the forefront of security innovation, collaborating with clients to design the ideal hybrid of manned guarding and AI-powered technology. The result: One of the most efficient and effective security solutions available today. 

Empowering technology
Mobile security unit (MSU)
Equipping guards with real-time intelligence 
GardaWorld Security’s Hybrid Security solutions enhance frontline response by pairing trained security personnel with innovative AI-powered technology. For instance, Mobile Surveillance Units can use advanced recognition software to detect and flag potential threats in real time — giving your team the critical insights they need to act quickly, confidently, and effectively. 

Covering more ground
Extending your security perimeter  
Today’s industrial landscapes are vast, complex, and constantly evolving. From sprawling logistics hubs to remote energy sites, it’s no longer feasible to secure every inch through manual patrol alone. GardaWorld Security’s Hybrid Security solutions extend the reach of your security team, combining on-the-ground expertise with advanced 24/7 surveillance to monitor blind spots and hard-to-access areas. 



















